c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.Views.CustomerInfoList.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\MvvmXF.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\MvvmXF.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.dll
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.pdb
c:\users\it_mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.Views.CalculatorPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\IT_Mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.dll.mdb
C:\Users\IT_Mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\MvvmXF.dll.mdb
C:\Users\IT_Mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\obj\Debug\MvvmXF.dll.mdb
C:\Users\IT_Mark\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\MvvmXF\bin\Debug\MvvmXF.dll.mdb
